# Practice-questions
1)Given a sorted array nums, remove the duplicates in-place such that each element appear only once and return the new length.

Do not allocate extra space for another array, you must do this by modifying the input array in-place with O(1) extra memory.
2)Given two strings s and t which consist of only lowercase letters.

String t is generated by random shuffling string s and then add one more letter at a random position.

Find the letter that was added in t.
3)The set S originally contains numbers from 1 to n. But unfortunately, due to the data error, one of the numbers in the set got duplicated to another number in the set, which results in repetition of one number and loss of another number.

Given an array nums representing the data status of this set after the error. Your task is to firstly find the number occurs twice and then find the number that is missing. Return them in the form of an array.

Example 1:
Input: nums = [1,2,2,4]
Output: [2,3]
4)Given a sorted array nums, remove the duplicates in-place such that duplicates appeared at most twice and return the new length.

Do not allocate extra space for another array; you must do this by modifying the input array in-place with O(1) extra memory.

Example 1:

Input: nums = [1,1,1,2,2,3]
Output: 5, nums = [1,1,2,2,3]
Explanation: Your function should return length = 5, with the first five elements of nums being 1, 1, 2, 2 and 3 respectively. It doesn't matter what you leave beyond the returned length.
Example 2:

Input: nums = [0,0,1,1,1,1,2,3,3]
Output: 7, nums = [0,0,1,1,2,3,3]
Explanation: Your function should return length = 7, with the first seven elements of nums being modified to 0, 0, 1, 1, 2, 3 and 3 respectively. It doesn't matter what values are set beyond the returned length.
 

Constraints:

0 <= nums.length <= 3 * 104
-104 <= nums[i] <= 104
nums is sorted in ascending order.




